[Music]
five logical riddles that'll break your
head
now really these puzzles are simple
enough to be solved over your coffee
break and tricky enough to stump you for
hours
sending your mind on a wild goose chase
today you have the chance to stretch
your brains by cracking a few of these
mind-bending little beauties so are you
off for the challenge and don't miss our
bonus a tricky question with an obvious
answer riddle number one roadside
difficulties while changing a tire a
motorist accidentally dropped all four
wheel nuts into the sewer grate he tried
everything to retrieve them but to no
avail
the man was beginning to suspect that he
would have to spend many hours by the
roadside when a passing kid suddenly
helped him solve the problem acting on
the kids advice he successfully fitted a
new tire and drove to the nearest
service station without accidents what
was the advice that the child had given
the motorist I'll give you 15 seconds to
think
ready for the answer the kid told the
man to remove one nut from each of the
other three wheels and use them to
secure the new tire I told you riddle
number 2 a which is present once upon a
time Prince Charming was searching far
and wide for his betrothed summer had
already ended when he came upon a Shack
inhabited by an old witch the weary
traveler asked if she could grant him
refuge for the night the witch obliged
and showed her guests a warm welcome
offering him food drink and a place to
sleep the next morning as prince
charming was preparing to continue on
his journey
she gave him a present saying a time
will come when you find your way barred
by a wide river with no bridge the only
way to cross it is to swim to the other
bank this enchanted tunic will help you
it won't let you drown our hero
continued on his journey a hundred days
and nights had passed before he came
across the river the witch had warned
him about but in the end he didn't need
to put on the tonic to cross it can you
guess why 15 seconds are all yours again
[Music]
Prince Charming visited the witch's
Shack in September after that it took
him a hundred days to reach the river
which means that by the time he got
there it was already mid winter the
river was iced over he simply walked
across it to the other bank riddle
number three the rabbit hutch mystery a
farmer keeps rabbits in three large
hutches that stand in a row in his
backyard each of the hutches is painted
a different color red yellow and green
until recently the number of rabbits in
the green hutch
was twice as large as the number of
rabbits in the yellow hutch then one day
the farmer took five rabbits out of the
left side hutch and gave them away to
the local schools pet corner he also
took half of the rabbits that remained
in the left side hutch and move them to
the whit colored hunch
can you guess what color the left side
hutch is
[Music]
the answer is quite easy it is yellow as
we already know at the outset the number
of rabbits in the green Hut was twice as
large as the number of rabbits in the
yellow hutch this means that the number
of rabbits in the green hunch was an
even number after the farmer removed
five rabbits from the left side hutch
the number of rabbits that remain there
also became an even number this is
proven by the fact that it was divisible
by two therefore before those five were
removed the left side hutch contained an
uneven number of rabbits
hence the left side hutch can't be the
green colored one but based on the
information we've got it can't be the
red colored one either
riddle number four identify the culprit
late one night a car ran over a
pedestrian in a narrow by stream and
drove away without stopping a policeman
who saw the vehicle leave the scene of
the accident reported it moving at very
high speed the accident itself was
witnessed by six bystanders they
provided the following conflicting
accounts of what had happened it was a
blue car driven by a man the car was
moving at high speed its headlights were
turned off the car did have license
plates it wasn't going very fast it was
a Toyota its headlights were turned off
the car didn't have license plates the
driver was a woman it was a gray Ford
when the car and it's driver were
finally apprehended it turned out that
only one of the six eyewitnesses gave a
fully correct description each of the
other five provided one true and one
false piece of information keeping that
in mind can you determine the following
what was the cars brand what color was
the car was the car going fast or slow
did it have license plates was its
headlights turned on was the driver a
man or a woman the riddle is very tricky
so I guess you'll need at least 25
seconds to solve it take your time no
rush you can also pause the video to
have more time to think
are you ready the solution to the riddle
lies in the information provided by the
policeman the car was going very fast if
we accept a statement as trustworthy
then the statement provided by one of
the eyewitnesses the car was going
slowly is false by default after we've
established that eliminating all the
other falsehoods won't present a problem
it was a blue Ford it did have license
plates it was driving at high speed with
its headlights turned off the driver was
a woman riddle number 5 the prisoner hat
riddle the four criminals are lined up
on some steps they are all facing in the
same direction a wall separates the
fourth man from the other three so to
summarize man one can see men two and
three man two can see man three man
three can see none of the others man
four can see none of the others the
criminals are wearing hats they are told
that there are two white hats and two
black hats the men initially don't know
what color hat they are wearing they are
told to shout out the color of the hat
that they are wearing as soon as they
know for certain what color it is they
are not allowed to turn around or move
they are not allowed to talk to each
other they are not allowed to take their
hats off who is the first person to
shout out and why
man2 will shout out after sometime
here's why man three and four cannot see
the other hands man one sees a white hat
and a black hat and knows that his hat
can be black or white man 2 sees one
black hat but if he is also wearing a
black hat it would be obvious to man 1
that he is wearing a white hat since man
1 did not shout out man 2 concluded that
he himself is wearing a white hat have
you managed to solve the last riddle now
here is our little bonus can you name
the one thing that all the people on
earth do simultaneously I'll give you 5
seconds the answer is obvious getting
older
so have you managed to solve all the
riddles which one is your favorite share
your result in the comments don't forget
to share this video with your friends
let them test their intelligence as well
to stay on the bright side of life hit
the like button below the video and
click Subscribe
[Music]